what's going on guys and welcome back to
another unboxing video so you might be
looking at this thing and I haven't
already seen it somewhere sometime you
actually have this is on my old-school
channel which I've now deleted so this
video doesn't exist I haven't actually
done a super meatboy old tradition of
boxing technically but for those who
have seen their box who knows what comes
with it pretty much I want you guys to
have a look at my new background and
what I'm doing I want to make this more
professional like so I've got this on of
white sort of slate now tell me what you
guys think of that but the reason why
I'm doing this again is because I've
actually had so many comments of people
going now do I get the binding of issac
edition the most unholy which you want
on box which you can find right there
annotation and also they're like hey and
oh do I get that or do I get the all
tradition I'm not quite sure now in my
opinion I'm gonna say the old tradition
because it's a better game and it's much
better packaging and things that come
with it it's just better value but
that's not for me to judge it's for you
so that's why I'm gonna unbox this just
to help you guys out because you know if
you request something I usually follow
through so well let's jump straight into
this one with Super Meat Boy old
tradition it's actually an embossed font
all throughout so that's really cool you
can fulfil I seem like a blind person oh
I can't wear a client Braille so I
inside this content set which is simply
the soundtrack sketchbook for comic
poster and more PC power play give it a
9 I give it a 10 out of 10 is absolutely
freakin fantastic as similar to the
design of the poster without the
contents the rating everything but
that's that's all you get with the
poster there so that's it there as we
turn to the side Super Meat Boy and then
on the back we have what is it contents
and what comes with the game another
rating and a few screenshots of the game
on if you can't see those if it wants to
focus and those ones there on the side
once again the old tradition this one
really stands out in my collection of
indie games which I can show up one day
if you guys really want this one it's
pretty cool I really love the packaging
of this one so as you can see here folds
out to a really cool sort of old layout
here with the really big guy here um we
got oh I forget its name but then you go
super meatboy
and you get the doctor do it and then a
really big monster which is it turns out
to be the final boss in the background
there you'll also get the Alien Hominid
which I think's really cool the Alien
Hominid actually has his own ps2 game if
you guys want to check him out on the
ps2 he enough that came out before or
after I'm guessing before but yeah he
had his own game you guys and see him
which I personally played the game and
that was such a cool addition that I can
now play as that guy and that's really
cool for me which really sold me on
buying this and it's super cheap there's
only like 20 bucks
the winner of 15 Game of the Year awards
which I'm yes statics Belk I completely
agree with that so as we come off the
cardboard what is it cardboard slip I
think that's one of the more high
quality cardboard slips out of the mold
just because I forget it here just
because it's not only a couple slip they
included velcro and you know I'm big fan
of velcro um yeah that's a really high
quality covers because logo just include
plastic crapple you know carpool crap
man that's bit better than the usual
stuff so in the backing is exactly what
you get on the what does it slip and
same with that there as we open the red
case which I think suits it well already
entered in the code so you guys won't
have to worry about that one trying to
steal them from hit so good Super Meat
Boy and then it's got a really cool like
Rises and Reeves all my hand I'm kidding
there's a blood from my hand oh I'm
kidding so I say that's a cool disc
artwork I mean that puts so much effort
into this full prop so the guys there so
this is where the real value comes in
meet the crew and you got the guys that
made the games there and we've also got
what does that compare to play yeah we
go quite simple and he's the first sort
of bit of comic then no your meat boy
what is this oh cool yo she Mario time
thing Mario Donkey Kong so um so this
sort of that's everything like if you've
ever wondered what they did with the
game or you ever got bored in a Sunday
afternoon looking for a word fine this
is covering your needs man and this is
the comic now this is quite the cool
artwork the guys who ever made this
fantastic work and such and the thoughts
and this a really geeky choice but you
know I like them and then hey I'm sort
of meat boy with a picture like ah ha ha
ha ha and yeah that's pretty much the
artwork and all that more comics your 40
page coming as promised and there's the
two guys who created it actually watch
indie game the movie and that is sort of
it goes into more detail if you still
want more Super Meat Boy man beeping a
tender with a hex that poster they
promise so eventually hung it up so I'm
gonna show you guys now wear it so guys
you might be thinking what am I looking
at your wall of crap and oh well
actually the poster that our it came
with is actually that one there so it
was one red sheet of paper up the top it
had the super meatboy title right there
and then actually had the super meatboy
face
and it was all one red thing I sort of
cut it up so the screws it up guys but I
wanted to show this off so you
understand what you're getting you get
those to know these two things there and
they sort of come on one strip so yeah
that's pretty much the poster so yeah
hopefully you guys enjoyed my boxing
video of the super meatboy
ultra edition and that helped made your
mind up I prefer this one as you can
tell the binding of issac but it's
completely up to you and to all you guys
already seen this what do you guys think
in my new unboxing background I really
like it and I'm working on a more
professional feel for the channel
because I like professional size because
I'm not nearly as professional as it
should be anyway
what Internet some guys you keep on
gaming see you then